Reduced Grinding

This mod isn't supposed to make the game too easy, but makes it so you don't have to spend huge amounts of time farming for loot, for example: AFK farms to get rare item like Biome Keys. Everything is configurable, so you can adjust to your liking. This description breifly explains how it does this, for more info see the link below. How this mod does this:

New War Potion and Chaos Potion which greatly increase monster spawn rates. If you can handle the flood of monsters coming at you, then you'll be able to get rare items from them faster.

New Chlorophyte Accelerator, which allows you to turn Mud in to Chlorophyte Ore after defeating the Golem (earlier or never depending on your configurations).

Added New Recipes.

Increased drop rates for many different loot items and added some additional drops. This is from Enemies, Grab Bags, Fishing, Quest Items, and Extractinator.

Increased Biome Key drop rate depending on amount of Mechanicle Bosses defeated.

New Stationary Merchant, who gains items from the traveling Merchant (chance of gain items starts low when the world starts, but rises to 100% at hardmode).

Crates catches may upgrade to a better crate depending on the fishing power you have. They can also be upgraded and downgraded through crafting at a Crystal Ball at the cost of some items.

New players start with 3 Mining Potions. There's also configurations for starting with configured amounts of other items.

Keep in mind, that the drop rate increases in configuration file are additional to the drops you get in vanilla (for example: if an item's vanilla rate = 10% and mod rate = 90%, then the combined rate is 100% which means that it's likely to always drop, but that doesn't mean it always will).

New Lockboxes for different chest you'd find in the world and possible furniture items that would be located around it.

Christmas and Halloween Spirit potions, to make it a holliday for a day.

Items to instantly end the Goblin, Pirate, and Lunar invasion (without summoning Moonlord).

Celestial Beacon, to make the Moon Lord summon right away.

New Sundials to instantly skip to Night or Day (Enchanted Sundial cooldown and Tax Collector wont benefit from this).

New Moon Ball to change the Moon Phase.

New Blood Moon Medalion to summon the Blood Moon.

Crimson/Corruption versions of Seeds/Solutions are available in both worlds.